
 
 Facebook Community Standards | Transparency Center 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transparency Center  Policies Facebook Community Standards Policies that outline what is and isn't allowed on the Facebook app. Other policies Other policies that apply to Facebook technologies. How Facebook improves How we update our policies, measure results, work with others, and more. Enforcement Detecting violations How technology and review teams help us detect and review violating content and accounts. Taking action Our three-part approach to content enforcement: remove, reduce and inform. Features Our approach to elections How we help prevent interference, empower people to vote and more. Our approach to misinformation How we work with independent fact-checkers, and more, to identify and take action on misinformation.
             Our approach to newsworthy content How we assess content for newsworthiness.
             Our approach to ranking 
              How we reduce problematic content in News Feed.
             Oversight Data Community Standards Enforcement Report Quarterly report on how well we're doing at enforcing our policies on the Facebook app and Instagram. Intellectual Property Report on how well we're helping people protect their intellectual property. Government Requests for User Data Report on government request for people's data. Content Restrictions Based on Local Law Report on when we restrict content that's reported to us as violating local law. Internet Disruptions Report on intentional internet restrictions that limit people's ability to access the internet. Widely Viewed Content Report 
              Quarterly report on what people see on Facebook, including the content that receives the widest distribution during the quarter.
             Home Policies Facebook Community Standards The Facebook Community Standards outline what is and isn't allowed on the Facebook app. Introduction Every day, people use Facebook to share their experiences, connect with friends and family, and build communities. It’s a service for more than 2 billion people to freely express themselves across countries and cultures and in dozens of languages. The Facebook company recognizes how important it is for Facebook to be a place where people feel empowered to communicate, and we take our role seriously in keeping abuse off the service. That’s why we developed standards for what is and isn’t allowed on Facebook. These standards are based on feedback from people and the advice of experts in fields like technology, public safety and human rights. To ensure everyone’s voice is valued, we take great care to create standards that include different views and beliefs, especially from people and communities that might otherwise be overlooked or marginalized. Please note that the US English version of the Community Standards reflects the most up to date set of the policies and should be used as the master document. Our commitment to voice The goal of our Community Standards is to create a place for expression and give people a voice. The Facebook company wants people to be able to talk openly about the issues that matter to them, even if some may disagree or find them objectionable. In some cases, we allow content—which would otherwise go against our standards—if it’s newsworthy and in the public interest. We do this only after weighing the public interest value against the risk of harm, and we look to international human rights standards to make these judgments. Our commitment to expression is paramount, but we recognize the internet creates new and increased opportunities for abuse. For these reasons, when we limit expression, we do it in service of one or more of the following values: AUTHENTICITY We want to make sure the content people see on Facebook is authentic. We believe that authenticity creates a better environment for sharing, and that’s why we don’t want people using Facebook to misrepresent who they are or what they’re doing. SAFETY We’re committed to making Facebook a safe place. Content that threatens people has the potential to intimidate, exclude or silence others and isn’t allowed on Facebook. PRIVACY We’re committed to protecting personal privacy and information. Privacy gives people the freedom to be themselves, choose how and when to share on Facebook and connect more easily. DIGNITY We believe that all people are equal in dignity and rights. We expect that people will respect the dignity of others and not harass or degrade others. Community Standards Our Community Standards apply to everyone, all around the world, and to all types of content. VIOLENCE AND CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR Violence and Incitement Dangerous Individuals and Organizations Coordinating Harm and Publicizing Crime Restricted Goods and Services Fraud and Deception SAFETY Suicide and Self-Injury Child Sexual Exploitation, Abuse and Nudity Sexual Exploitation of Adults Bullying and Harassment Human Exploitation Privacy Violations OBJECTIONABLE CONTENT Hate Speech Violent and Graphic Content Adult Nudity and Sexual Activity Sexual Solicitation INTEGRITY AND AUTHENTICITY Account Integrity and Authentic Identity Spam Cybersecurity Inauthentic Behavior False News Manipulated Media Memorialization RESPECTING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Intellectual Property CONTENT-RELATED REQUESTS AND DECISIONS User Requests Additional Protection of Minors NEXT Other policies  Transparency Center  POLICIES Facebook Community Standards Other policies How Facebook improves ENFORCEMENT Detecting violations Taking action FEATURES Our approach to elections Our approach to misinformation Our approach to newsworthy content Our approach to ranking OVERSIGHT DATA Community Standards Enforcement Report Intellectual Property Government Requests for User Data Content Restrictions Based on Local Law Internet Disruptions Widely Viewed Content Report Ad Library Crowdtangle Facebook Open Research and Transparency Data Policy Terms of Service Cookies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
