
 
 Community Standards | Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Community Standards Read a letter from our team  Our mission is to give people the power to share and make the world more open and connected. Every day, people come to Facebook to share their stories, see the world through the eyes of others and connect with friends and causes. The conversations that happen on Facebook reflect the diversity of a community of more than one billion people.   We want people to feel safe when using Facebook. For that reason, we've developed a set of Community Standards, outlined below. These policies will help you understand what type of sharing is allowed on Facebook, and what type of content may be reported to us and removed. Because of the diversity of our global community, please keep in mind that something that may be disagreeable or disturbing to you may not violate our Community Standards.  Back to top Helping to Keep you Safe Back to top Encouraging respectful behavior Back to top Keeping your account and personal information secure Back to top Protecting your intellectual property Reporting Abuse Reporting Abuse Controlling What You See Communication Tools  Our global community is growing every day and we strive to welcome people to an environment free from abusive content. To do this, we rely on people like you. If you see something on Facebook that you believe violates our terms,  please report it to us . We have dedicated teams working around the world to review things you report to help make sure Facebook remains safe.   Governments also sometimes ask us to remove content that violates local laws, but does not violate our Community Standards. If after careful legal review, we find that the content is illegal under local law, then we may make it unavailable only in the relevant country or territory.   Please keep the following in mind:   We may take action any time something violates the Community Standards outlined here.   We may ask Page owners to associate their name and Facebook Profile with a Page that contains cruel and insensitive content, even if that content does not violate our policies.   Reporting something doesn't guarantee that it will be removed because it may not violate our policies.   Our content reviewers will look to you for information about why a post may violate our policies. If you report content, please tell us why the content should be removed (e.g., is it nudity or hate speech?) so that we can send it to the right person for review.   Our review decisions may occasionally change after receiving additional context about specific posts or after seeing new, violating content appearing on a Page or Facebook Profile.   The number of reports does not impact whether something will be removed. We never remove content simply because it has been reported a number of times.   The consequences for violating our Community Standards vary depending on the severity of the violation and the person's history on Facebook. For instance, we may warn someone for a first violation, but if we continue to see further violations we may restrict a person's ability to post on Facebook or ban the person from Facebook.  Not all disagreeable or disturbing content violates our Community Standards. For this reason, we offer you the ability to customize and control what you see by unfollowing, blocking, and hiding the posts, people, Pages, and applications you don’t want to see – and we encourage you to use these controls to better personalize your experience.  Learn more . People also often resolve issues they have about a piece of content by simply reaching out to the person who posted it. We’ve created  tools  for you to communicate directly with other people when you’re unhappy with posts, photos, or other content you see on Facebook.  English (US) Español Français (France) 中文(简体) العربية Português (Brasil) Italiano 한국어 Deutsch हिन्दी … Sign Up Log In Messenger Facebook Lite Mobile Find Friends Badges People Pages Places Games Locations Celebrities About Create Ad Create Page Developers Careers Privacy Cookies Ad Choices Terms Help Settings Activity Log  Facebook © 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  